Extend Pushgateway Task (#178)
puzzle/prometheus-training: content/en/docs/04/labs/42.md

> ### Task {{% param sectionnumber %}}.1 - Install and configure Pushgwateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Task {{% param sectionnumber %}}.1 - Install and configure Pushgateway
```

> First we will add the pre-installed Pushgetway (`localhost:9091`) to our Prometheus instance, later we will use our Pushgateway to add metrics and learn how to remove pushed metrics from the Pushgateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First we will add the pre-installed Pushgateway (`localhost:9091`) to our Prometheus instance, later we will use our Pushgateway to add metrics and learn how to remove pushed metrics from the Pushgateway.
```

### Task {{% param sectionnumber %}}.2 - Push metrics to Pushgateway

> In this task you're now going to push metrics to the pushgateway. This is what you would usually do for example after a cronjob successfully completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this task you're now going to push metrics to the pushgateway. This is what you would normally do, after a cronjob has completed successfully.
```

> In order to [Push](https://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway/blob/master/README.md#command-line) metrics to the Pushgateway, you can simple send a Http `Post` or `Put` Request, with the actual metric we want to push as content, to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to [push](https://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway/blob/master/README.md#command-line) metrics to the Pushgateway, you can simple send a HTTP `POST` or `PUT` request, with the actual metric we want to push as content, to it.
```

{{% details title="Hints" mode-switcher="normalexpertmode" %}}

> To push a metric to the Pushgateway, which then will be scraped by Prometheus, we can simply use the following `curl` command. Note the actual content of the Http request, is just simply the exact metric we want Prometheus to scrape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To push a metric to the Pushgateway, which then will be scraped by Prometheus, we can simply use the following `curl` command. Note the actual content of the HTTP request, is just simply the exact metric we want Prometheus to scrape.
```

EOF
```

{{% alert title="Command Explanation" color="primary" %}}

> If you are not very familiar with the linux shell. The above command does the foolowing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not very familiar with the Linux shell. The above command does the following:
```

> * the cat command reads the actual metric and pipes it to stdin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the `cat` command reads the actual metric and pipes it to stdin
```

> * curl sends a http post request to the url <http://localhost:9091/metrics/job/prometheus_training/instance/myinstance> with the --data-binary parameter set to stdin (the actual metric)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* curl sends a HTTP POST request to the url <http://localhost:9091/metrics/job/prometheus_training/instance/myinstance> with the --data-binary parameter set to stdin (the actual metric)
```
